---
title: 'Lessons from Stuttering'
date: 2025-12-31
permalink: /posts/2025/1231/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Personal Writing
---
I’ve been wrestling with words all my life. From my earliest memories, words were never just words – they were obstacles, hurdles that stopped me mid-sentence, ground me to a halt, and made even the simplest introduction “hey, how are you doing?” feel like a strenuous mountain climb. I have stuttered for as long as I can remember, and for much of my childhood, I viewed stuttering as a limitation, something that delimited my relationships with the people around me. Over time, however, I came to understand that my stutter was not just a challenge to overcome, but also the best teacher that I could ever ask for. 

Stuttering taught me patience. Every pause requires me to remain composed, resist frustration, and find alternative ways to keep the ball rolling. Stuttering taught me resilience. No roadblock is ever permanent. Progress depends on tackling the challenge repeatedly with the same level of enthusiasm while also actively reflecting and applying lessons learned from prior failures. Stuttering taught me empathy and the qualities of being a good listener. Knowing how it feels to be misunderstood, embarrassed, and prematurely judged gave me a deep appreciation for the unseen struggles people carry. These lessons instilled in me not only life principles, but also how I aspire to engage with the law: with persistence, compassion, and care.

The kindness of others left equally lasting lessons. Teachers who waited for me to finish, classmates who did not rush me, and strangers who showed me interminable patience remind me how profoundly generosity can influence someone’s character development. Their examples remind me that even small acts of grace can open doors and inspire me of the person that I will continually strive for: someone who creates the same sense of inclusion for others and lets them feel heard, recognized, and valued.

What once felt like a barrier has now become my foundation, my pillar. My stuttering taught me that strength emerges from our inevitable struggles, that persistence relies on strength, that persistence matters more than perfection, that progress is built on persistence, and that every voice – no matter how long it takes to be heard – has value. Law school will present new challenges – from the cold calls in front of my peers in a lecture hall to the pressure of standing in moot court – but I will approach them with confidence and enthusiasm, knowing I have already spent a lifetime transforming a perceived weakness into a source of strength.
The law is about giving voice to those who might not otherwise be heard. Maybe that’s why I feel at home chasing it not just for myself but for others as well. I’ve spent my whole life learning that a voice doesn’t have to be quick to be strong. It just has to endure.

