---
title: 'Personal reflection on this year'
date: 2025-12-31
permalink: /posts/2025/12/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Personal Writing
---
It’s the last day of the year. What a year it’s been. I won’t sugarcoat it though. This year sucked. I’m grateful for all the good but to be frank, there’s an overcast of sadness underpinned by a real sense of hollowness. The rumination and losses are caused by me. They rest on my shoulders. I take responsibility for my mistakes and the damage that I’ve done to others. But despite everything, and maybe in a somewhat crude manner, I guess I should also thank this year for imparting life lessons.

I’ve spent a lot of time this year getting to know myself. I thought I knew myself, but it turns out I actually did not, or at least not as much as I thought I did. I absorbed everyone else’s definition of who I am – not just in recent memory, but my life thus far. From my earliest memories, I struggled with stuttering — the awkwardness, the embarrassment, the mockery — and as someone naturally introverted, I found myself spending a lot of time trying to be legible. I wanted to fit in, I wanted to be understood. I wanted to partake in the laughter, even if it meant having to be the laughingstock. Confusedly, all of this made me hypervigilant about protecting my image, even if it meant having to take the gavel from others. What I didn’t realize though is how this focus of trying to fit in and appeasing others made me overlook what truly mattered: spending the time to know who I am, what I need to do to become the person that I genuinely aspire to be, and trusting others with my imperfections and mistakes.

So yeah, what a year it’s been. I’ve grown up a lot. I’ve learned how to choose honesty over image, slow down instead of grasp, and trust others with imperfection. I wish I could time travel back and do the right thing, but unfortunately the Laws of Physics prohibits time travel. But what I can do, and will do, is carry the life lessons that this year has imparted on me and follow the blueprint with intentionality and sincereness. To cap off this reflection, I want to quote / paraphrase Stephen Colbert – “Love the thing that [you] most wish had not happened. What punishments of God are not gifts? It’s a gift to exist and with existence comes suffering. If you are grateful for life, you have to be grateful for all of it.” 

Here's the Instagram reel and YouTube links to Anderson Cooper's interview of Stephen Colbert:
<i class="fab fa-instagram"></i>
[Instagram Reel](https://www.instagram.com/p/DJVFrCcy1Hb/), 
<i class="fab fa-youtube"></i>
[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB46h1koicQ).
