---
published: true
title: 'Standing Table'
date: 2026-03-03
permalink: /posts/2026/03/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - Personal Writing
---

Some time ago, over lunch at Don Angie in West Village of Manhattan, one of table conversations was "if you could have a standing table at any restaurant - one that's always there for you no matter how busy - where would it be?"

As a certified big back, I took this hypothetical very seriously. Surprisingly, most of my answers weren't the flash, impossible-to-book, Michelin-starred restaurants. Rather, it's the restaurants that I've formed core memories at. Food plays a role in such memory formation but the people play a bigger role. The people who I ate with. The camaraderie. The laughter. The banter. The never ending conversations, compounded by tangents. That shared silence when everyone takes that same perfect bite. These moments last longer than the meal itself.

There's nothing better than eating with your people. Looking back, I wish I'd taken fewer photos of the food and more photos of the people I shared it with. I'll take more photos of the people going forward. I'd also like to say thank you to every person that I've been to eat and share laughter with. Thank you for the memories.

Anyways, going back to the original question: what restaurants would I want to have standing tables at? It's too hard so I'll break it down by city. For San Francisco, San Ho Won, Ernest, and State Bird Provisions. For Chicago, Bavette's, Monteverde, and Au Cheval. For New York, Theodora, Una Pizza Napoletana, Bo Ky, and Don Angie.



