---
title: '(Temporary) Love you guys'
date: 2026-01-19
permalink: /posts/2026/01/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - Personal Writing
---

Bloody Hell, I am speechless. I’m still trying to process this weekend and I don’t even know where to begin, but I just want to say thank you. The last thing I expected was to celebrate my birthday with 12 of y’all beautiful souls. To the LA Crew, THANK YOU for driving up and surprising me. I apologize for not immediately recognizing y’all in the club. I’m blind, it was really dark, and, unsurprisingly, white girl music (ahem, Ms. Taylor Swift) has a chokehold on me so I was having my moment – “Romeo, take me somewhere we can be aloneeeeee”. And to all of you who I couldn’t celebrate with in-person, thank you for remembering and I miss each one of you, I know we will catch up again in the near future and make up for the lost time.

According to multiple sources, I apparently gave a very poor, yet funny, speech as we toasted to another shot of (disgusting) Vodka. It went along the lines of “Holy shit, I’m so fucked right now. I love you guys. OMG IT'S KESHA DIE YOUNG, 'LETS MAKE THE MOST OF THE NIGHT LIKE WE ARE GONNA DIE YOUNG [smile, laugh, Sammy Virji dance move, and stumble off the table]”. Can you believe that four shots KO’ed me and how lightweight we collectively are now? We truly are “Uncs” now and this is a reminder why I don't drink anymore, I am such a liability. So to make up for Saturday night’s bad speech and in classic Andy Bai fashion, where I overthink matters, here is the speech that I owe you all.

The recurring word in my mind when I reflect on this past year is Iteration. I once thought Manichaeism eloquently characterized humans. A simple, comprehensible first principle view. It’s what makes it so appealing. But I’ve learned that such a view is an ill-fitted characterization because humans are so much more complex. Attempting to draw the moral line between good and bad is impossible. It’s impossible to bucket us in such a binary fashion because every single one of us is capable of doing both more good and more bad than what we envision ourselves capable of. Complicating matters more, Life is hard. For all of us, it’s the first time we live this Life and there’s no redo because it will be the last time as well. So how do we get this one shot right? By Iteration. We will get things wrong. We will do stupid stuff. We will hurt others. I don’t believe any of this comes from some sort of bad, malicious part of our souls though. Everyday, we are discovering ourselves and trying to become better. It’s a backward, not forward, looking exercise. For however long it takes to critically and honestly reflect on your past and apply the lessons forward, take that time. Don’t cheap talk, act. Because the same mistakes are bound to repeat if you don’t act. You live life forwards but you learn it backwards.

A consequence amidst all of this is that you will be a different person to everyone you meet. You are a bad memory in someone’s story and a close friend to another’s. And to most, you are just a passing thought. A name they once knew. You don’t exist as one person, but as countless versions of yourself, a compilation of 10,000 juxtaposing stories – shaped by moments and perceptions. Few people will see the full version of you – just the parts that show up in that finite set of moments and encounters. This isn’t being fake, it’s just being human. But the funny thing is that you won’t ever see the full version of yourself either. Such is life.

So I want to say thank you to every single one of you. You guys know how incredibly difficult of a year it’s been for me, especially the latter half. Self-inflicted wounds that made me lose not just myself but also others. But despite all of this, you all chose to help me by graciously lending your time, wisdom, and open mindedness. My iterations have fingerprints from every single one of you guys. I wouldn’t be who I am today without you guys. Thank you for believing in me and helping me become a better person. Thank you for the reflective and philosophical conversations on Saturday morning long runs. Thank you for listening to me as I lose my marbles reliving the past for the 50th time. Thank you for the congregations where we expound our passions, exchange our thoughts, and collectively grow our intellectual capital – I’ve learned so much about Information Theory, History of Labor Unions, Leveraged Finance, AI Stack, etc. from you guys. Thank you for roasting me and reminding me that some lightheartedness is good for our souls (I will forever dress like a middle schooler and be an easy target for ragebaits unfortunately). I can rattle off so much more stuff to thank for, but I’ll end with this. Thank you for allowing me to partake in all of your iterations as well, the good and the bad. This is what makes life special, standing with each other through the highs and the lows. We’ve all accomplished so much this year and it’s been a pleasure to share, be a part of, and celebrate all of our accomplishments together – cheers to SLS, new VC funding, job promotions, running 100 miles, and so much more. Similarly, we’ve also fucked up a lot as well; it’s not the optimal outcome but it’s our responsibility to pick each other up every time we fall. This is brotherhood. Love you guys and I look forward to what our next iterations will be like.



